DAN: Things on Earth were going really well, after the Bakugan
came to live with us. But then out of nowhere,
we were invaded by these mysterious and evil
Mechtogan who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon
Slycerak
Exostriker
and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
DAN: They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one
is going to take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[bird cry]
[crowd murmur]
DAN: Tell me did you find out anything more about the Nonets?
MIRA: I've been analyzing the data from the last battle...
repeatedly but it's all so cryptic,
I haven't been able to crack it yet.
SHUN: I'm more concerned about that Wiseman guy.
DAN: Me too, all that crazy talk he was spewing...
about his ideal world was really freaking me out.
MARUCHO: He clearly wants to do us harm but we need...
to figure out his plan before it's too late.
DRAGO: What could it be?
RADIZEN: We need to figure this out.
JAAKOR: Hummmm?
DAN: Well we can't just sit here.
DAN: We have worked too hard for the peace we have right now,
and I am not gonna give it all up!
DAN: We have to protect it at all costs, am I right?
DRAGO: Yes!
SHUN: Right!
MIRA: Reptak?
REPTAK: Hmmmm?
MIRA: If you're up for it, we could sure use your help too.
REPTAK: Really?
MIRA: Yes! Don't forget, you and Jaakor are the only ones...
compatible with Dragonoid Destroyer's Jumping Attack.
So you're a crucial member of the team.
MIRA: We've all discussed it and think it would be a good idea...
if you partner with Dan and Drago in all future battles.
REPTAK: Uhhhh...
RADIZEN: What's wrong, Reptak?
Partnering with those two is a real honour.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: That's what I just said, Roxtor!
Will you please quit repeating everything I say?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MARUCHO: Hey, take it easy.
REPTAK: [sigh]
DRAGO: Reptak. What's your reluctance?
We must stay focused.
REPTAK: I don't mean to be ungrateful guys,
it's just that I'm Gunz's partner Bakugan.
DAN: Really awwwk-ward.
DRAGO: You can say that again.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: It's a figure of speech you numbskull!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Mysterious Bond
\u266a [thoughtful music]
REPTAK: Gunz, is that you behind the mask?
DAN: Hey, there you are.
REPTAK: Huh?
DAN: Why'd you take off like that, huh?
DAN: We were all pretty worried about you pal.
REPTAK: Sorry guys.
DAN: Listen, we don't want to pressure you into...
doing something you don't want to but I'm telling you,
you've got what it takes to be part of the team.
REPTAK: It's not that I don't want to battle with you Dan.
I just worry I'll be more of a handicap to you...
because I'm distracted.
REPTAK: I can't stop thinking about Gunz.
DRAGO: You're worried. We understand.
REPTAK: Really?
DRAGO: When Dan and I were apart it was the hardest thing ever.
REPTAK: Wow, I had no idea you had ever been separated before.
DAN: Ya, you know it.
DRAGO: When you've been together as long as we have...
you're bound to have your ups and downs.
DAN: Hmmph! Exactly.
And it's surviving those down times that makes...
the partnership stronger in the end.
REPTAK: I see.
DAN: Reptak, if Gunz is out there you gotta believe...
he wants to find you just as bad pal.
REPTAK: You really think so?
REPTAK: I guess you're right.
DAN: Ha, cool! Now let's go look for your partner dude!
BETADRON: That blasted Drago! I can't believe we were...
defeated by a Bakugan who is only a fraction of our age!
KODOKOR: Then why are we sitting here with our tails...
between our legs? We should go back and crush those insects.
MUTABRID: Enough you two.
KODOKOR: What?
MUTABRID: We lost because we weren't powerful enough.
Isn't that right, Wiseman?
[footsteps]
WISEMAN: [sinister chuckle] It's impressive...
you know your limitations, Mutabrid.
KODOKOR: We're not powerful enough? That's absurd!
WISEMAN: Is it Kodokor?
WISEMAN: Your collective powers may be able to summon...
Mechtavius Destroyer but they're not enough...
to sustain him for very long. And once he has been defeated,
they are too depleted to bring him forth again any time soon.
You need to find a way to recharge your powers faster,
and more efficiently.
MUTABRID: Hmmmm. Recharge them?
Are you saying Bakugan of our ability are unable to summon...
a Mechtogan at will?
WISEMAN: Mmm-hmm.
BETADRON: I don't need Mechtavius Destroyer!
I'll take the Brawlers down myself!
WISEMAN: It would be futile to try.
BETADRON: What?
WISEMAN: The Battle Brawlers have a mighty bond...
as you've already witnessed. To try to take them on...
single handedly would be foolhardy of you, Betadron.
BETADRON: Whatever.
WISEMAN: If you changed tactics and were successful...
in isolating one of them, you might have a chance...
of defeating them all. But it's only a theory.
MUTABRID: I see.
KODOKOR: Let's do it!
WISEMAN: I admire your enthusiasm.
YOUNG MAN A: Did you say Gunz? No, sorry dude.
YOUNG MAN A: You?
GREN: Nope.
DAN: Have you guys seen Gunz at all?
GIRL A and GIRL B: Hmmm? Un-uhh.
JECT: Sorry we can't help.
DAN: You seen Gunz dude?
YOUNG MAN B: Nope.
DAN: We were hoping maybe you've seen him.
DAN: [panting, running reax]
REPTAK: This isn't going so well.
DRAGO: Be patient.
DAN: Let's call it a day. Then we'll bring the others with us
tomorrow and widen the search perimeter. Sound cool?
DRAGO: Sounds good.
GUNZ: Reptak!
REPTAK: [gasp]
DAN: What's going on?
DRAGO: What's wrong?
REPTAK: It's Gunz!
DAN: Huh, where?
REPTAK: Over there!
DAN: [gasp]
REPTAK: Gunz! Wait up!
DRAGO: Reptak! Hold on!
DAN: Let's go!
DRAGO: Right!
REPTAK: [gasps, exertion reax] Huh? Where'd he go?
REPTAK: Gunz! It's Reptak!
REPTAK: Come on! It's me!
REPTAK: [grunt, exertion reax] Guuuuuuuuuunz!
DAN: Reptak!
DRAGO: Did you find Gunz?
REPTAK: I could have sworn I saw him come in here.
DAN: Hey are you sure it was him buddy? Maybe it was a mistake.
REPTAK: It's no mistake! I'm positive it was him!
WISEMAN: [sinister chuckle]
DAN: [gasp] You again!
DRAGO: Wiseman!
REPTAK: [gasp]
DAN: What now?
WISEMAN: I've been waiting for you.
WISEMAN: [grunt]
DAN: What do you want?
DRAGO: Be careful Dan.
DAN: I know.
REPTAK: [gasp]
WISEMAN: I was anxious for a rematch after our last battle.
DAN: Hah! You a glutton for punishment?
WISEMAN: Yes. Something like that.
WISEMAN: What do you say, hey Kuso?
DAN: Ya, bring it, scumbag!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
REPTAK: There! He throws just like Gunz.
GUNZ: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Baku Skyraider, jump!
WISEMAN: Rise Darkus Kodokor!
KODOKOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Baku Skyraider, jump!
WISEMAN: Rise Darkus Mutabrid!
MUTABRID: Haaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Baku Skyraider, jump!
WISEMAN: Rise Darkus Betadron!
BETADRON: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Let's do this, pal!
DRAGO: You bet!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Skyraider, jump!
DAN: Go, Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
DRAGO: Haaaaaah!
KODOKOR: [grunt, pain reax] Ooomph!
[alarm beeps]
MIRA: Dan's Bakumeter is showing battle activity.
MARUCHO: Whaaaaaat?
KODOKOR: You're not going to get away with that.
KODOKOR: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Combat Smasher!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Sneaking Aggressor!
MUTABRID: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Huh? [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Oooomph!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: He's fast.
DRAGO: And his disappearing ability makes it difficult too!
BETADRON: Today is the day, we will finally have our...
vengeance, Drago!
BETADRON: Kodokor, Mutabrid! Let's go!
KODOKOR: Yes sir! MUTABRID: Yes sir!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Night Fieseler!
DRAGO: Whoooa!
DAN: Get ready, Drago!
KODOKOR: You're going doooooown!
DAN: Ability activate, Dragon Over Cannon!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Destole!
MUTABRID: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: What?
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
KODOKOR: You're finished!
KODOKOR: Hmmmph!
Huuuuuah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
DAN: Drago!
BETADRON: Did you really think we were going to...
let you get away with keeping us imprisoned for so long Drago?
DAN: Leave him alone!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Come on Mestburn!
BETADRON: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Drago!
REPTAK: This is horrible. Why would Gunz do such a thing?
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
BETADRON: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
REPTAK: Is it him? I can't be sure.
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
REPTAK: Wiseman! Tell me the truth right now!
REPTAK: Are you really my partner Gunz?
DAN: Huh? No way!
WISEMAN: Vengeance is yours Nonets!
DAN: C'mon Drago! We can take these guys!
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
DAN: Reptak, what are you saying?
DRAGO: Do you really think Wiseman is Gunz?
REPTAK: I should have told you earlier, it's just that...
I didn't want to believe it myself.
REPTAK: But I couldn't ignore the fact that their...
throwing styles were completely identical.
DAN: Oh man, seriously?
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
DAN: Come on, be a man and show us your face coward!
WISEMAN: If you want a peek behind the mask,
come and take it off yourself Kuso, if you think you can.
DAN: Okay, if that's how you want to play this.
REPTAK: Wait a second Dan!
DAN: Huh?
REPTAK: I really need to be a part of this fight. Please.
DAN: Are you sure?
REPTAK: I'm sure that I want to be your partner.
DAN: Okay!
DRAGO: Go get him.
DAN: Ha, here we go, pal!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Skyraider, jump!
DAN: Let's go, Haos Reptak!
REPTAK: I'm determined to find out if I'm right!
MUTABRID: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MUTABRID: Oooomph!
REPTAK: Hmmmph!
REPTAK: And I'll fight anyone I have to, to get the truth.
KODOKOR: Too bad you'll never get past me!
REPTAK: Get lost! Hmmmph!
KODOKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Sparhook!
REPTAK: Attack!
KODOKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MUTABRID: Hmmmmph!
DAN: We're not gonna fall for that one again pal,
Ability activate!
DAN: Eyes Shield!
REPTAK: I see him!
REPTAK: Attaaaaaaack!
MUTABRID: Payback is coming for you!
BETADRON: Let my brothers deal with those fools!
I only care about Drago!
DAN: Alright, come and get us, you creep!
Ability activate!
Dragon Over Cannon!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Orion Shield!
BETADRON: Hmmmmmph!
DAN: That's not gonna stop us pal!
Ability activate!
Dragon Astral!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
BETADRON: [grunt, exertion reax] What?
DRAGO: Is that all you've got?
BETADRON: [grunt, exertion reax] Whooooooa!
BETADRON: I've had enough of you!
Mutabrid! Kodokor!
MUTABRID: Yes sir!
KODOKOR: We're on it!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
KODOKOR: [fighting, exertion reax]
REPTAK: [fighting, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Do you need help?
REPTAK: No, I've got this!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
REPTAK: Whoooooa!
DRAGO: Hold on!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
REPTAK: Oooomph! DRAGO: Oooomph!
DAN: Man! They're real tough!
MIRA: Dan! Are you there?
DAN: Hmmm? Mira!
MIRA: I'm going to transport the battle suits to you now!
DAN: Good call, thanks!
MIRA: Coordinates locked in!
Battle Suits Doomtronic Zero-One and Zero-Two...teleport!
[computer beeps and trills]
MIRA: Teleport and attachment complete.
Battle System is a go. Synch rate 100%.
KODOKOR: What are those big fancy suits?
MUTABRID: Is it some kind of weapons system?
BETADRON: It won't make a difference!
DRAGO: You're about to find out. Ready Reptak?
REPTAK: You bet!
DAN: That's it! Gooooo!
DRAGO: Open wide punks!
KODOKOR: Whooooooa!
BETADRON, MUTABRID and KODOKOR: [grunt, exertion reax]
REPTAK: We're winning!
BETADRON, MUTABRID and KODOKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Don't celebrate just yet!
DAN: Yeah, keep going guys!
BETADRON: These two are more troublesome than I expected.
BETADRON: Kodokor! Mutabrid!
BETADRON: Bakugan Unite!
DAN: What's that?
DRAGO: I don't know...
REPTAK: ...but it can't be good.
WISEMAN: [maniacal laughter]
[explosion]
DAN: What the... Did you see that thing?
DAN: What the heck is it?
DRAGO: It looks like a big ugly bird.
DRAGO,REPTAK and DAN: Huh?
DAN: [gasp] Whooooa!
COMBINED BETA: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: They've combined!
DAN: That's craziness!
WISEMAN: It's not crazy. They've consolidated all of...
their energy to enter into the ultimate attack mode.
COMBINED BETA: And now it's time to put an end to you Drago.
Once and for all!
WISEMAN: Combined Ability, activate!
WISEMAN: Sky Panzer!
DRAGO: No point in waiting around.
REPTAK: Let me take the lead Drago.
[laser blasts]
REPTAK: What?
DRAGO: That's some shield!
WISEMAN: With Sky Panzer, a defense shield can be put up...
to defend the entire body while still allowing for attacks...
to be launched from the three individual parts.
REPTAK: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Reptak!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: [groan] [grunt]
DAN: Drago! Reptak! Get out of there!
COMBINED BETA: Too late, fools!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax] REPTAK: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Guys!
DAN: Can you hear me?
DRAGO: We've gotta shake them off !
REPTAK: I can't let them take me down. Not until I know...
for sure what Wiseman's true identity is.
I need to know if he and Gunz are one and the same.
DRAGO: You okay?
REPTAK: I need your help.
DRAGO: We're a team. I'll help you find out the truth.
DRAGO: But first I need you to give me your strength.
REPTAK: It's yours.
DRAGO: Then here we go Reptak!
REPTAK: I'm ready, Drago!
DRAGO: Bakugan Unite! REPTAK: Bakugan Unite!
COMBINED BETA: That light! What's happening over there?
DAN: Drago! Reptak!
COMBINED DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
COMBINED DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED BETA: It can't be!
DAN: They combined!
WISEMAN: How interesting.
COMBINED DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
COMBINED DRAGO: Now Dan!
DAN: Yeah! Combined Ability activate!
DAN: Flame Harvey Cannon!
COMBINED BETA: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
COMBINED DRAGO: This speed is incredible.
The potential of our powers is amazing Reptak!
REPTAK: I know Drago! I can feel them too!
DAN: Come on! Let's do this guys!
COMBINED DRAGO: Right!
COMBINED BETA: I don't understand!
How were they able to combine as well?
COMBINED DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
COMBINED BETA: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Consecutive Ability activate!
Dragon Eternal Force!
DAN: Flame Harvey Cannon!
COMBINED DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED DRAGO: Go doooooooown!
COMBINED BETA: Whoa!
COMBINED BETA: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
COMBINED BETA: Ooooomph!
COMBINED DRAGO: [grunt]
REPTAK: Wiseman!
WISEMAN: Well this didn't go as I had planned.
I see you two will be more trouble than I had expected.
WISEMAN: However I did learn something very valuable today.
REPTAK: What's that?
WISEMAN: I think I'll wait until next time before I share it.
DAN: Get back here! Coward!
DAN: Do you still think that could've been Gunz?
DRAGO: I can't say for sure.
REPTAK: I'm not sure either. But if it is how do I open...
his eyes and bring him back to the side of good?
DAN: Shun and his new partner Bakugan, Jaakor,
make an incredible team. If you didn't know any better
you'd think these guys had been battling together for years.
That's why I was surprised when I heard a couple of Jaakor's
old buddies were trying to convince him to head back
to New Vestroia. I guess some of the Bakugan have been
rethinking life on Earth after Wiseman and his evil crew
showed up. Luckily, Jaakor is an honourable dude and refused
to leave until he helped us to get rid of Wiseman.
Tune in to see just how intense Jaakor gets in battle.
It's so impressive it will blow your mind.
[MUSIC]